Main Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation, search Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 5,382,778 articles in English Arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article Everglades National Park is a U.S. National Park in Florida that protects the southern 20 percent of the original Everglades. It is the largest tropical wilderness in the United States and the third-largest national park in the lower 48 states after Death Valley and Yellowstone. The park was established in 1934 when canal-building projects in South Florida were threatening the quickly vanishing Everglades, a network of wetlands and forests fed by a river flowing out of Lake Okeechobee into Florida Bay. It was the first national park created to protect a fragile ecosystem. The park is the most significant breeding ground for tropical wading birds in North America and contains the largest mangrove ecosystem in the western hemisphere. It is home to 36 threatened or protected species including the Florida panther, the American crocodile, and the West Indian manatee, and supports 350 species of birds, 300 species of fresh and saltwater fish, 40 species of mammals, and 50 species of reptiles. Most of South Florida's fresh water comes from the Biscayne Aquifer, which is replenished by the Everglades. (Full article...) Part of the Everglades series, one of Wikipedia's featured topics. Recently featured: Margaret Lea Houston Noel Park Canadian National Vimy Memorial Archive By email More featured articles... Did you know... Mary and Christ ... that Michelangelo destroyed parts of his own Sistine Chapel ceiling to make room for his Last Judgement (detail pictured)? ... that Chris Marron jointly holds the record for the most goals scored in an FA Cup match, having scored 10 in one game? ... that as the German army invaded France in 1940, radio station Paris-Mondial began broadcasting "recordings of military marches and panicked appeals for guns, tanks, and planes"? ... that award-winning graphic novelist Miriam Katin only started creating comics at the age of 63? ... that J. Lamar Worzel was a recipient of the Navy Meritorious Public Service Award for his part in helping discover the first nuclear submarine lost at sea? ... that the "I believe that we will win!" chant, used as a rallying cry by United States fans during the 2014 FIFA World Cup, was first used for the college football Army–Navy Game? ... that Anil Kumar Mandal developed an alternative surgical protocol for treating pediatric glaucoma? ... that Pu Songling based his pigeon collector character on a real-life stone fanatic? Recent additions Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Sergio García In golf, Sergio García (pictured) defeats Justin Rose in a playoff to win the Masters Tournament. At least 44 people are killed and 126 others injured when two Egyptian Coptic Orthodox churches are attacked on Palm Sunday by suicide bombers. The Basque separatist militant group ETA disarms itself. A stolen truck is driven through crowds and into a department store in downtown Stockholm, killing 4 people and injuring 15 others. The United States attacks a Syrian air base in response to a chemical attack in Khan Shaykhun that killed more than 70 people. Tim Berners-Lee wins the Turing Award for inventing the World Wide Web, the first web browser, and the protocols and algorithms that allow the Web to scale. Ongoing: Battle of Mosul Recent deaths: John Clarke Fishman Brian Matthew Peter Isaacson On this day... April 12: Yuri's Night; Cosmonautics Day in Russia Terry Fox 1776 – The fourth North Carolina Provincial Congress passed the Halifax Resolves, the first official action in the American colonies calling for independence from Britain during the American Revolution. 1831 – Broughton Suspension Bridge in Manchester, England, collapsed, reportedly because of mechanical resonance induced by troops marching in step over the bridge. 1910 – SMS Zrínyi, one of the last pre-dreadnoughts built by the Austro-Hungarian Navy, was launched. 1980 – Terry Fox (pictured) dipped his artificial leg in the Atlantic Ocean at St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, and began running his "Marathon of Hope" towards the Pacific Ocean at Vancouver, British Columbia, to raise funds across Canada for cancer research. 2007 – The canteen of the Council of Representatives of Iraq building was attacked by a suicide bomber, killing one Member of Parliament and wounding 23 other people. Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood (d. 1866) · Beverly Cleary (b. 1916) · Xin Fengxia (d. 1998) More anniversaries: April 11 April 12 April 13 Archive By email List of historical anniversaries Today's featured picture The lady chapel at Salisbury Cathedral, an Anglican cathedral in Salisbury, England. Pictured below the stained glass is an installation by the artist Nicholas Pope, called "The Apostles Speaking in Tongues Lit By Their Own Lamps". Photograph: David Iliff Recently featured: Supercell Schönbrunn Palace Christ taking leave of his Mother Archive More featured pictures... Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning materials and activities Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001), it currently contains 5,382,778 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands ??? Polski ??????? Svenska Ti?ng Vi?t More than 250,000 articles: ??????? Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català ?eština Euskara ????? ??? Magyar Norsk bokmål Português Român? Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe ?????????? ?? More than 50,000 articles: Bosanski ????????? Dansk Eesti ???????? English (simple form) Esperanto Galego ????? Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuvi? Norsk nynorsk Sloven?ina Slovenš?ina ??? Complete list of Wikipedias Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=762066868" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Languages ??????? ????????? Bosanski Català ?eština Dansk Deutsch Eesti ???????? Español Esperanto Euskara ????? Français Galego ??? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ????? ??????? Latviešu Lietuvi? Magyar Bahasa Melayu Nederlands ??? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Român? ??????? Simple English Sloven?ina Slovenš?ina ?????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ?????????????? Suomi Svenska ??? Türkçe ?????????? Ti?ng Vi?t ?? This page was last modified on 26 January 2017, at 12:39. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewMain Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation, search Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 5,382,778 articles in English Arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article Everglades National Park is a U.S. National Park in Florida that protects the southern 20 percent of the original Everglades. It is the largest tropical wilderness in the United States and the third-largest national park in the lower 48 states after Death Valley and Yellowstone. The park was established in 1934 when canal-building projects in South Florida were threatening the quickly vanishing Everglades, a network of wetlands and forests fed by a river flowing out of Lake Okeechobee into Florida Bay. It was the first national park created to protect a fragile ecosystem. The park is the most significant breeding ground for tropical wading birds in North America and contains the largest mangrove ecosystem in the western hemisphere. It is home to 36 threatened or protected species including the Florida panther, the American crocodile, and the West Indian manatee, and supports 350 species of birds, 300 species of fresh and saltwater fish, 40 species of mammals, and 50 species of reptiles. Most of South Florida's fresh water comes from the Biscayne Aquifer, which is replenished by the Everglades. (Full article...) Part of the Everglades series, one of Wikipedia's featured topics. Recently featured: Margaret Lea Houston Noel Park Canadian National Vimy Memorial Archive By email More featured articles... Did you know... Mary and Christ ... that Michelangelo destroyed parts of his own Sistine Chapel ceiling to make room for his Last Judgement (detail pictured)? ... that Chris Marron jointly holds the record for the most goals scored in an FA Cup match, having scored 10 in one game? ... that as the German army invaded France in 1940, radio station Paris-Mondial began broadcasting "recordings of military marches and panicked appeals for guns, tanks, and planes"? ... that award-winning graphic novelist Miriam Katin only started creating comics at the age of 63? ... that J. Lamar Worzel was a recipient of the Navy Meritorious Public Service Award for his part in helping discover the first nuclear submarine lost at sea? ... that the "I believe that we will win!" chant, used as a rallying cry by United States fans during the 2014 FIFA World Cup, was first used for the college football Army–Navy Game? ... that Anil Kumar Mandal developed an alternative surgical protocol for treating pediatric glaucoma? ... that Pu Songling based his pigeon collector character on a real-life stone fanatic? Recent additions Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Sergio García In golf, Sergio García (pictured) defeats Justin Rose in a playoff to win the Masters Tournament. At least 44 people are killed and 126 others injured when two Egyptian Coptic Orthodox churches are attacked on Palm Sunday by suicide bombers. The Basque separatist militant group ETA disarms itself. A stolen truck is driven through crowds and into a department store in downtown Stockholm, killing 4 people and injuring 15 others. The United States attacks a Syrian air base in response to a chemical attack in Khan Shaykhun that killed more than 70 people. Tim Berners-Lee wins the Turing Award for inventing the World Wide Web, the first web browser, and the protocols and algorithms that allow the Web to scale. Ongoing: Battle of Mosul Recent deaths: John Clarke Fishman Brian Matthew Peter Isaacson On this day... April 12: Yuri's Night; Cosmonautics Day in Russia Terry Fox 1776 – The fourth North Carolina Provincial Congress passed the Halifax Resolves, the first official action in the American colonies calling for independence from Britain during the American Revolution. 1831 – Broughton Suspension Bridge in Manchester, England, collapsed, reportedly because of mechanical resonance induced by troops marching in step over the bridge. 1910 – SMS Zrínyi, one of the last pre-dreadnoughts built by the Austro-Hungarian Navy, was launched. 1980 – Terry Fox (pictured) dipped his artificial leg in the Atlantic Ocean at St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, and began running his "Marathon of Hope" towards the Pacific Ocean at Vancouver, British Columbia, to raise funds across Canada for cancer research. 2007 – The canteen of the Council of Representatives of Iraq building was attacked by a suicide bomber, killing one Member of Parliament and wounding 23 other people. Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood (d. 1866) · Beverly Cleary (b. 1916) · Xin Fengxia (d. 1998) More anniversaries: April 11 April 12 April 13 Archive By email List of historical anniversaries Today's featured picture The lady chapel at Salisbury Cathedral, an Anglican cathedral in Salisbury, England. Pictured below the stained glass is an installation by the artist Nicholas Pope, called "The Apostles Speaking in Tongues Lit By Their Own Lamps". Photograph: David Iliff Recently featured: Supercell Schönbrunn Palace Christ taking leave of his Mother Archive More featured pictures... Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning materials and activities Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001), it currently contains 5,382,778 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands ??? Polski ??????? Svenska Ti?ng Vi?t More than 250,000 articles: ??????? Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català ?eština Euskara ????? ??? Magyar Norsk bokmål Português Român? Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe ?????????? ?? More than 50,000 articles: Bosanski ????????? Dansk Eesti ???????? English (simple form) Esperanto Galego ????? Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuvi? Norsk nynorsk Sloven?ina Slovenš?ina ??? Complete list of Wikipedias Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=762066868" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Languages ??????? ????????? Bosanski Català ?eština Dansk Deutsch Eesti ???????? Español Esperanto Euskara ????? Français Galego ??? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ????? ??????? Latviešu Lietuvi? Magyar Bahasa Melayu Nederlands ??? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Român? ??????? Simple English Sloven?ina Slovenš?ina ?????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ?????????????? Suomi Svenska ??? Türkçe ?????????? Ti?ng Vi?t ?? This page was last modified on 26 January 2017, at 12:39. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewMain Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation, search Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 5,382,778 articles in English Arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article Everglades National Park is a U.S. National Park in Florida that protects the southern 20 percent of the original Everglades. It is the largest tropical wilderness in the United States and the third-largest national park in the lower 48 states after Death Valley and Yellowstone. The park was established in 1934 when canal-building projects in South Florida were threatening the quickly vanishing Everglades, a network of wetlands and forests fed by a river flowing out of Lake Okeechobee into Florida Bay. It was the first national park created to protect a fragile ecosystem. The park is the most significant breeding ground for tropical wading birds in North America and contains the largest mangrove ecosystem in the western hemisphere. It is home to 36 threatened or protected species including the Florida panther, the American crocodile, and the West Indian manatee, and supports 350 species of birds, 300 species of fresh and saltwater fish, 40 species of mammals, and 50 species of reptiles. Most of South Florida's fresh water comes from the Biscayne Aquifer, which is replenished by the Everglades. (Full article...) Part of the Everglades series, one of Wikipedia's featured topics. Recently featured: Margaret Lea Houston Noel Park Canadian National Vimy Memorial Archive By email More featured articles... Did you know... Mary and Christ ... that Michelangelo destroyed parts of his own Sistine Chapel ceiling to make room for his Last Judgement (detail pictured)? ... that Chris Marron jointly holds the record for the most goals scored in an FA Cup match, having scored 10 in one game? ... that as the German army invaded France in 1940, radio station Paris-Mondial began broadcasting "recordings of military marches and panicked appeals for guns, tanks, and planes"? ... that award-winning graphic novelist Miriam Katin only started creating comics at the age of 63? ... that J. Lamar Worzel was a recipient of the Navy Meritorious Public Service Award for his part in helping discover the first nuclear submarine lost at sea? ... that the "I believe that we will win!" chant, used as a rallying cry by United States fans during the 2014 FIFA World Cup, was first used for the college football Army–Navy Game? ... that Anil Kumar Mandal developed an alternative surgical protocol for treating pediatric glaucoma? ... that Pu Songling based his pigeon collector character on a real-life stone fanatic? Recent additions Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Sergio García In golf, Sergio García (pictured) defeats Justin Rose in a playoff to win the Masters Tournament. At least 44 people are killed and 126 others injured when two Egyptian Coptic Orthodox churches are attacked on Palm Sunday by suicide bombers. The Basque separatist militant group ETA disarms itself. A stolen truck is driven through crowds and into a department store in downtown Stockholm, killing 4 people and injuring 15 others. The United States attacks a Syrian air base in response to a chemical attack in Khan Shaykhun that killed more than 70 people. Tim Berners-Lee wins the Turing Award for inventing the World Wide Web, the first web browser, and the protocols and algorithms that allow the Web to scale. Ongoing: Battle of Mosul Recent deaths: John Clarke Fishman Brian Matthew Peter Isaacson On this day... April 12: Yuri's Night; Cosmonautics Day in Russia Terry Fox 1776 – The fourth North Carolina Provincial Congress passed the Halifax Resolves, the first official action in the American colonies calling for independence from Britain during the American Revolution. 1831 – Broughton Suspension Bridge in Manchester, England, collapsed, reportedly because of mechanical resonance induced by troops marching in step over the bridge. 1910 – SMS Zrínyi, one of the last pre-dreadnoughts built by the Austro-Hungarian Navy, was launched. 1980 – Terry Fox (pictured) dipped his artificial leg in the Atlantic Ocean at St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, and began running his "Marathon of Hope" towards the Pacific Ocean at Vancouver, British Columbia, to raise funds across Canada for cancer research. 2007 – The canteen of the Council of Representatives of Iraq building was attacked by a suicide bomber, killing one Member of Parliament and wounding 23 other people. Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood (d. 1866) · Beverly Cleary (b. 1916) · Xin Fengxia (d. 1998) More anniversaries: April 11 April 12 April 13 Archive By email List of historical anniversaries Today's featured picture The lady chapel at Salisbury Cathedral, an Anglican cathedral in Salisbury, England. Pictured below the stained glass is an installation by the artist Nicholas Pope, called "The Apostles Speaking in Tongues Lit By Their Own Lamps". Photograph: David Iliff Recently featured: Supercell Schönbrunn Palace Christ taking leave of his Mother Archive More featured pictures... Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning materials and activities Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001), it currently contains 5,382,778 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands ??? Polski ??????? Svenska Ti?ng Vi?t More than 250,000 articles: ??????? Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català ?eština Euskara ????? ??? Magyar Norsk bokmål Português Român? Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe ?????????? ?? More than 50,000 articles: Bosanski ????????? Dansk Eesti ???????? English (simple form) Esperanto Galego ????? Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuvi? Norsk nynorsk Sloven?ina Slovenš?ina ??? Complete list of Wikipedias Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=762066868" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Languages ??????? ????????? Bosanski Català ?eština Dansk Deutsch Eesti ???????? Español Esperanto Euskara ????? Français Galego ??? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ????? ??????? Latviešu Lietuvi? Magyar Bahasa Melayu Nederlands ??? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Român? ??????? Simple English Sloven?ina Slovenš?ina ?????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ?????????????? Suomi Svenska ??? Türkçe ?????????? Ti?ng Vi?t ?? This page was last modified on 26 January 2017, at 12:39. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewMain Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation, search Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 5,382,778 articles in English Arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article Everglades National Park is a U.S. National Park in Florida that protects the southern 20 percent of the original Everglades. It is the largest tropical wilderness in the United States and the third-largest national park in the lower 48 states after Death Valley and Yellowstone. The park was established in 1934 when canal-building projects in South Florida were threatening the quickly vanishing Everglades, a network of wetlands and forests fed by a river flowing out of Lake Okeechobee into Florida Bay. It was the first national park created to protect a fragile ecosystem. The park is the most significant breeding ground for tropical wading birds in North America and contains the largest mangrove ecosystem in the western hemisphere. It is home to 36 threatened or protected species including the Florida panther, the American crocodile, and the West Indian manatee, and supports 350 species of birds, 300 species of fresh and saltwater fish, 40 species of mammals, and 50 species of reptiles. Most of South Florida's fresh water comes from the Biscayne Aquifer, which is replenished by the Everglades. (Full article...) Part of the Everglades series, one of Wikipedia's featured topics. Recently featured: Margaret Lea Houston Noel Park Canadian National Vimy Memorial Archive By email More featured articles... Did you know... Mary and Christ ... that Michelangelo destroyed parts of his own Sistine Chapel ceiling to make room for his Last Judgement (detail pictured)? ... that Chris Marron jointly holds the record for the most goals scored in an FA Cup match, having scored 10 in one game? ... that as the German army invaded France in 1940, radio station Paris-Mondial began broadcasting "recordings of military marches and panicked appeals for guns, tanks, and planes"? ... that award-winning graphic novelist Miriam Katin only started creating comics at the age of 63? ... that J. Lamar Worzel was a recipient of the Navy Meritorious Public Service Award for his part in helping discover the first nuclear submarine lost at sea? ... that the "I believe that we will win!" chant, used as a rallying cry by United States fans during the 2014 FIFA World Cup, was first used for the college football Army–Navy Game? ... that Anil Kumar Mandal developed an alternative surgical protocol for treating pediatric glaucoma? ... that Pu Songling based his pigeon collector character on a real-life stone fanatic? Recent additions Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Sergio García In golf, Sergio García (pictured) defeats Justin Rose in a playoff to win the Masters Tournament. At least 44 people are killed and 126 others injured when two Egyptian Coptic Orthodox churches are attacked on Palm Sunday by suicide bombers. The Basque separatist militant group ETA disarms itself. A stolen truck is driven through crowds and into a department store in downtown Stockholm, killing 4 people and injuring 15 others. The United States attacks a Syrian air base in response to a chemical attack in Khan Shaykhun that killed more than 70 people. Tim Berners-Lee wins the Turing Award for inventing the World Wide Web, the first web browser, and the protocols and algorithms that allow the Web to scale. Ongoing: Battle of Mosul Recent deaths: John Clarke Fishman Brian Matthew Peter Isaacson On this day... April 12: Yuri's Night; Cosmonautics Day in Russia Terry Fox 1776 – The fourth North Carolina Provincial Congress passed the Halifax Resolves, the first official action in the American colonies calling for independence from Britain during the American Revolution. 1831 – Broughton Suspension Bridge in Manchester, England, collapsed, reportedly because of mechanical resonance induced by troops marching in step over the bridge. 1910 – SMS Zrínyi, one of the last pre-dreadnoughts built by the Austro-Hungarian Navy, was launched. 1980 – Terry Fox (pictured) dipped his artificial leg in the Atlantic Ocean at St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, and began running his "Marathon of Hope" towards the Pacific Ocean at Vancouver, British Columbia, to raise funds across Canada for cancer research. 2007 – The canteen of the Council of Representatives of Iraq building was attacked by a suicide bomber, killing one Member of Parliament and wounding 23 other people. Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood (d. 1866) · Beverly Cleary (b. 1916) · Xin Fengxia (d. 1998) More anniversaries: April 11 April 12 April 13 Archive By email List of historical anniversaries Today's featured picture The lady chapel at Salisbury Cathedral, an Anglican cathedral in Salisbury, England. Pictured below the stained glass is an installation by the artist Nicholas Pope, called "The Apostles Speaking in Tongues Lit By Their Own Lamps". Photograph: David Iliff Recently featured: Supercell Schönbrunn Palace Christ taking leave of his Mother Archive More featured pictures... Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning materials and activities Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001), it currently contains 5,382,778 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands ??? Polski ??????? Svenska Ti?ng Vi?t More than 250,000 articles: ??????? Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català ?eština Euskara ????? ??? Magyar Norsk bokmål Português Român? Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe ?????????? ?? More than 50,000 articles: Bosanski ????????? Dansk Eesti ???????? English (simple form) Esperanto Galego ????? Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuvi? Norsk nynorsk Sloven?ina Slovenš?ina ??? Complete list of Wikipedias Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=762066868" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Languages ??????? ????????? Bosanski Català ?eština Dansk Deutsch Eesti ???????? Español Esperanto Euskara ????? Français Galego ??? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ????? ??????? Latviešu Lietuvi? Magyar Bahasa Melayu Nederlands ??? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Român? ??????? Simple English Sloven?ina Slovenš?ina ?????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ?????????????? Suomi Svenska ??? Türkçe ?????????? Ti?ng Vi?t ?? This page was last modified on 26 January 2017, at 12:39. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile viewhello